[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
a tactical advisor from Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Also joining us today
is Captain Randy Cramer,
who claims to be the public
spokesperson for the United
States Marine Corps
Special Section.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>> Thanks for having us.
>> Glad to be here.
>> It's not very often we
get two people on the set
at the same time, so it's going
to be a very exciting day.
And I want to start it off by
talking about the reptilian
Dracos that you have a lot
of experience with, Randy.
>> Well, I mean, probably, the
first I'd learned about them
was just hearing rumors and
scuttlebutts and so forth about
them, but my first experience of
them was when I was in the MDF
when they actually attempted
a invasion of Mars.
We were basically about to have
a big fight between a group
of Terran humans, a group
of indigenous reptoids,
and a group of
indigenous insectoids.
This drop ship came down, and
it was a whole drama affair.
But that was my first
time experiencing them
and seeing them.
>> And for the
audience, the MDF is--
>> Mars Defense Force.
Correct.
>> OK.
>> My function is to be more
diplomatic on everything.
So you've been to the
military and still are.
You are still in the military?
>> Absolutely, yeah, still have
active duty rank and security
clearance.
Correct.
>> Perfect.
What do you think is the
actual relationship, Dracos
to human people right now?
>> Right now, minimal.
I would say we probably
started the eradication
of the Draconians
within Terran space
in the late '90s or early 2000s,
and from what I understand,
there's less than
a hundred of them
on the surface of
the Earth right now.
And they're being hunted
down, so I consider
them to be an old problem.
Most often, when
people want to talk
about them or their
influence, you're
really talking about the
past and not much that
is relevant to the future.
It doesn't mean that they're
not a problem in the larger
universe, because
they're still out there,
but we have ejected them
from our primary space.
And they're not nearly
as much of a problem
here as they ever
were in the past.
That's for sure.
>> So to my understanding
and what I've heard is that
the Dracos are still
active in the universe,
and they still are trying to
bring their system over certain
planets.
>> Absolutely.
>> Can you agree on that?
No, I would consider of the
larger intergalactic threats,
yeah, they're a
top 10, for sure.
They're a top 10 intergalactic
threat to anybody anywhere,
I would have to say, yeah.
>> Yeah, all right.
I've learned a lot about
them from the perspective
of the Greys.
I also learned from
different sources
that they oppose some
kind of installation
upon Earth, which means they
influence the system that Earth
has.
Do you have any
information on that?
>> You'd have to give me some
more details for me to try
and pin something on that, but
I don't have anything specific,
I think, that I could
answer for that.
>> So the Greys accused
them or at least--
well, from their
perspective, there
had been some modifications
on the social structure
system of the Earth.
>> Correct.
>> Yeah, that
would be over time.
I mean, there are
certain people who
have talked about the history
of the Draconians influencing
human culture.
That's very true.
I think that--
>> They go way back.
>> Yeah, way back.
The kind of
influence or breeding
within the blue bloods
or the royal families,
that's correct from
what I understand.
So they have had an
influence and certainly
a negative social influence
that is, what I would say,
is away from the intergalactic
norm of moving towards type 1
civilization, which they have
pushed to keep us from getting
to type 1 civilization,
because that makes
the species more controllable.
But again, yeah, that's the
history of and definitely
something that
influenced us over time,
but even though if
they're physically not
as much of a problem, yeah,
they left their fingerprint
for sure.
And so some of the things
we're dealing with in finance,
banking, hierarchical
structures,
military governmental
we're still dealing with the
mess that they left, for sure.
>> From the perspective of the
Greys who are capable of time
travel and moving towards
time temporal dimensions,
they say the Dracos are
also capable of that,
and they have used that.
>> Yes.
>> All right, OK.
>> Correct.
Yeah, they certainly
have use time travel
to interfere from time to time.
Now, I have to take a step and
say temporal mechanics is not
my forte.
However, I've talked to some
smart guys with Time Corps
so I hope I understand it
as well as I do sometimes.
My understanding is there are
specific windows in the past
that are vulnerable points.
You couldn't just physically
bring a person or a ship
to want to mess with time.
There are certain
windows in which
you could come to a
very specific point,
and so wherever
there's an entry point,
someone could come
in and tinker.
But there's also intergalactic
temporal time lords or whatever
you want to call them.
Now that we have a fully
established Terran Time Corps,
time wars became a thing.
And I think, at
the moment, I don't
know if I'm speaking
too soon, but I'd
say we have a pretty good
lock on people not messing
with the timestream right now.
Fingers crossed,
but it definitely
has been a thing in
the past, for sure.
>> I already stated that this
goes at least 15,000 years ago.
>> Yeah, at least, for
sure, yeah, a long time.
>> So you have the
same information.
>> I don't know how long
specifically they've been here,
but I would say it
goes back, I mean--
I'd gander it's
closer to 40,000,
50,000 or maybe
100,000 years ago.
And from what I
understand, when you
get into certain large
historical numbers,
you have civilizations
that exist
today that do not remember what
happened 400,000 years ago.
So they have some
understanding of that history.
Chronovisors give you a certain
amount of accurate information,
but there is some
stuff, the farther back
you want to look,
the fuzzier it gets.
So chronovisors
really only go back
a certain number of thousands
of years before the image is
completely blurry because
the tachyons are too weak
or something like that.
So there's some things that
happen a half a million years
ago that we kind of think
it happened that way,
but unless there was someone
who was old enough to be there,
there's some archeological,
historical guesswork in all
of that.
>> Are you also aware of
the Greys having repaired
or influenced the
timelines of humanity?
>> Because we know of no less
than five factions of Zetas
or Greys, some of them have
certainly tried to do harmful
things.
Some have certainly maybe
tried to do helpful things.
Again, they're not my
most experted area,
but again, because there's
five different factions, yeah--
who's doing good things?
Who's doing bad things?
Someone tells you they're
your friend one day,
and then you find out they're
not your friend the next day.
So that's been our
relationship with the Greys
mostly for the last 50, 60
years, is, oh, you're a friend.
Oh no, wait, now
you're not our friend.
These guys are our friend.
Oh wait, they're not our friend.
So they're very self-serving.
Let's just be honest about that.
They're very
self-serving, so it's
hard to get them to have
what we consider keeping
your word in an agreement.
They keep agreements
based on practicality
more than anything, but
we kind of like to think,
I gave my word.
So I'm going to keep
my word on that.
They don't necessarily
give a crap about that.
>> Would you agree
with that, Tim?
>> About the contracts and
the different relationships,
absolutely.
I agree with Randy in 100%
of what he told already.
So it's super interesting
for me to explore that side,
especially because Randy has
this background of militaries.
I'm more into diplomatic stuff,
and I find this whole scenario
a little challenging
because I'm trained
in finding exit strategies.
But I know the military
has a more proactive way
to get things done.
>> Randy just mentioned a
relationship between the blue
bloods and the reptilians.
Are you aware of any of that?
>> I am.
From my understanding, at
least some types of reptilians
have influenced human
social structures.
Some have done that by
influencing very elite groups
on this planet, and again, not
all reptilians seem to be bad.
At least, that's my experience.
>> Oh, don't get me
talking about that.
That's speciesist talk.
They are not all bad.
>> OK, true.
All right, OK.
>> Yeah, oh yeah.
>> So it seems that some
reptilian species tend to have
their own advantages over
people on this planet being
so disinformed, and they try
to have their own take on that.
I don't know if you
want to add to that.
>> Sure.
No, I'm actually glad you
really brought that up
because in my experience,
there is a tendency
to run into reptilian
species that
may not be so nice or friendly.
But to say that reptilians
are bad, it's speciesism,
and I kind of get angry
about it because I've
heard a lot of people say,
nope, all reptiles are bad.
And I think that's bull pucky.
In fact, my personal experience
of spending almost six months
with the indigenous
reptoids on Mars
is they are some of the most
amazing beings in the universe
that I have ever
met, and they are
nothing like any of the
other reptoids that I've met.
And it has a lot to do with
their culture, their evolution,
what has happened to their
society, what happened when
the planet blew out
its atmosphere, how
they had to rebuild from that.
They were incredibly
warlike before that,
and they really had to grow as a
species, to be honest with you,
in order to rebuild and
terraform their planet.
So I think it's a
speciesist statement
to say that any mammal,
amphibian, reptoid
is like this or like that.
I think the truth is that the
universe is all the things.
The intergalactic
experiences all the things.
It's everything.
It's every type of species,
every type of civilization,
every type of technology
that you could possibly even
imagine, and that's
an incredible spectrum
of various species
from various types
of evolutionary
developments who are
as different as the day is long
you go from one to the other.
I think the tendency
for people to think
that is because most reptoids
are not very emotional.
They have little emotions, but
they're not very emotional.
So they tend to be
more calculating.
They tend to be a
little more cold.
And to be honest, they
eat just about everything,
and so I think--
>> Yes, we've had this--
>> --we've had this
conversation before.
Everything's on the menu.
Somewhere, you're on the menu.
I'm on the menu, and so we
taste good to some of them.
And that kind of creates
a negative relationship.
But yeah, no, I don't think that
there's any truth to saying,
all of this type of
species are good,
or all of this type
of species is bad.
It's as complicated
as any geopolitics
we have here on trying
to figure out, well--
I mean, I don't want
to peg somebody.
Let me see if I can come
up with a random country
that no one will
pick them before.
OK, we'll say Brazil
because I love Brazil,
and I have plenty of
friends from Brazil.
If you say, all the people
from Brazil are good people,
or all the people
from Brazil are bad,
or they're all corrupt,
you can't say that.
And you can't say that
about any other people,
any other species,
or any other planet.
Everyone's really different.
>> And you mentioned before to
me that there's multiple types
of reptilians.
>> Dozens that I'm
aware of personally,
but I would say just
within our own galaxy,
we've got to have thousands and
thousands of civilized species
that are reptilian.
>> What you were saying
about speciesism,
one can then again say that
there are species that have
their own agenda.
>> Absolutely.
>> I mean, there are agendas
all over the place, right?
>> Absolutely.
Yeah, I think it's OK
to hate on Draconians,
not OK to hate on reptiles.
Let me be specific about that.
So yeah, you want to
hate on Dracos, fine.
They suck, but it's not fair
to hate on reptiles just
because they're a reptile.
>> What, from your perspective
as a military person,
have the Dracos done to Earth?
What are the
systems they set up?
Is there anything specifically?
>> So the corporate structure--
let's start with that--
is a Draconian structure.
Their entire civilization is
actually on a corporate model,
so they don't necessarily
have a congress
or a senate or a council.
They have an executive board,
and the executive board
is all about profits
and profit making.
And so essentially,
if we were to look
at the corporate
structure and say,
wow, this seems a little
psychopathic and sociopathic
sometimes, it's because it's
a Draconian structure, not
a structure of our own design.
>> And it's also
about secret control.
>> Always, yeah, always, always
about a tiny number of people
controlling everything
that happens below them,
making a pyramid with a
very tiny, tiny tip-top.
>> You spoke about some of the
structures here of the Greys.
Now, how does that correlate
with some of the structures
maybe that Randy was just
talking about with the Dracos?
>> I think that it is not
a one-way street on Earth.
I think we all agree on that,
that several agendas exist
on this planet, and influences
from all over the universe
came to Earth.
And I also talked about
at least 12 species
that have had put influences on
the genetics of human people.
So maybe this is
something you know about.
>> Yeah, I would say that
from what we understand that
the number right now of what
we consider to be major genetic
progenitors in the past is
somewhere between about 25
and 28 species.
>> Oh wow.
>> However, however, those that
have tinkered with the genetic
system is at least
another hundred species.
So if you want to think
about who has just come along
to tinker and manipulate,
over a hundred
and at least a
couple of dozen that
are major, major progenitors.
And a major
progenitor means they
didn't just come and tinker.
They came here.
They lived.
They interbred.
They really added
their DNA to the pool
for some amount of time of
centuries or thousands of years
that they lived here.
>> Somebody asked me, so if
a reptilian has tinkered with
the genetics of human people,
why don't we all look like
reptilians?
And I suggested
that there may be
parts of genetics that are
put into the genetic code
of humans, and also, we have
different parts that have
been influenced differently.
What were you going
to say about that?
>> Sure.
I mean, we're still
sitting here no matter
what DNA has been added as far
as extraterrestrial hybridized
DNA.
We're like 99% chimp, right?
We're 99% chimpanzee.
Well, we don't look
like chimpanzees, well,
because we're not the same.
So you can be 99% like
something and not physically
look exactly like it.
So whatever tinkering of
reptilian DNA or codons being
turned on and off,
none of that has
to influence how we physically
appear so that we would appear
more nonhuman or something.
>> There's more biological
things going on inside the body
and the brain, and that's why
we always refer to the reptilian
part of the brain.
>> Right, so--
>> It might not be just
physical but inside.
>> Yeah, it could be things that
are completely nonvisible from
an external visual cue,
but you could also--
if you're an expert
tinkerer, you
could reduce the number of
physically identifiable results
from that so that
you wouldn't want
people to look suspicious
or have scales or something.
>> And one other thing, Randy--
we talked about this a long
time ago.
You were talking
about the DNA and how
that was modified in
some form or fashion,
and you knew about this, too.
Is there any way they could
eventually turn a dial,
and all of a sudden,
we do what they say?
>> Not from how I
understand how that works.
My understanding of the way
that the genetic code works--
it's a map of
physical development
that doesn't necessarily
follow a perfect pattern so
that if you're trying to
make a clone of a person,
you could make a dozen different
clones and grow them up.
And then you
basically would have
to pick the one
that was the least
mutated or the least deformed.
>> Absolutely.
>> So you're using the
same exact blueprint,
and you're getting a dozen
different variations.
So I don't think that the
DNA mechanism works that way.
I think there would have to
be some other technological
mechanism or something that
overrides brain control, which
is super labor intensive and
super complicated and super
difficult to have electronic
or computer control of 9
billion people or whatever we're
dealing with at the moment.
So I'm less concerned
about something like that
because my understanding
is it's not very feasible,
but I'm not an expert.
>> I suggested actually in one
other conversation that there
had been some effort to modify
the genetics of human people
in order to keep the
level of evolution--
>> Oh sure.
>> --very low.
>> Yeah, there's definitely been
what we call the restrictors
put on the system, so to keep us
from living more than 50 to 80
years, which we're supposed
to be way older than that.
We're supposed to
have at least 300,
400, 500, 600 years or
something like that.
So we can't grow
up into adulthood.
We basically die when
we're still children,
if you really want to do
the perspective that way.
So reducing our age span,
reducing certain ambitions
towards development,
conditioning the brain
to maybe want to do things
that are more addictive or more
personally satisfying--
those are all things
that can certainly
be used as control
mechanisms, and I
would think that
those are things
that have been done over time
based on what we're looking
at the result of, anyway.
>> As someone coming
from topic of governance,
I'm really interested in knowing
what the military is going
to do about that.
Is there something?
>> Well, that's a complicated
subject that really could
involve way too much conversing
about way too much nuance if we
were to get into much detail.
I would say this.
Within the last--
let's call it--
20 years, the military,
especially covert military
operations, has begun to
understand that there are
certain things in which
traditionally have not be seen
as national security issues
or national security threats,
but now that we're looking
at certain things that are
endangering everybody's
well-being and all of civilized
life and all of
social stability--
>> Like the whole universe.
>> Yeah.
Then we basically have been
able to say, you know what?
These are not
traditionally the things
that we categorize
as national security,
but if we're
looking at outcomes,
we have to consider these
things as national security.
So we've taken a little bit
of a different viewpoint
and now have conversations
with various world leaders,
military intelligence personnel,
elected officials to say,
look, we can't just suggest
that you do this anymore.
We're telling you this is
a national security issue.
So either get on board,
or you're in the way.
And no one wants
to be in the way
when you tell them
that they need
to be on board for something.
So at this point,
there are certain--
I don't know how many things
I would specifically speak to
in a brief
conversation, but there
are certain things that have
to change for national security
reasons, not for
political reasons,
not for social reasons,
not for economic reasons
but for how those things impact
national and global security.
And we're just not going to
let the ripples of discord
ruin the civilization
that has so much potential
because some people
don't want to take
their adult responsibility.
So let's just say
that some people are
going to find themselves
grounded or with their nose
in the corner as we
do here in the States
when you're in trouble if they
don't want to have their adult
responsibilities.
So we're leaning pretty
hard on people at the moment
that you have to do these
things not just because we're
trying to tell you that
they do because they're
national security reasons,
and if you don't do them,
you're making our job harder.
And you're not
making our job harder
by making unadult decisions.
>> And also the overall
evolution of the universe,
affecting everyone.
>> There's definitely a
bigger and bigger scale,
but most people can't
understand it that way.
So we're just trying
to explain it to them.
This is what matters, but
we certainly understand
there's a--
our interaction with the
intergalactic community
is significant.
Maybe I've said
this once or twice.
We understand now as a
warrior species, which
we understand that we are now.
For decades, other species
wanted to high-road us and tell
us, you're too aggressive.
You're too violent,
until some other warrior
species came along and said,
no, we think you're smart.
And you're self-determined,
and you don't want someone
to solve your problems.
And you don't want to wait
around for somebody else's
police department to show
up to fix your stuff,
so we think you're
smart to do that.
So now that we have
accepted that, we've
accepted that our role in
this corner of the galaxy
is only going to develop
and grow further as that is
concerned, which
means not only is
the global security
of the planet
we live on but the
national global security
of this corner of
the galaxy is going
to be dependent on whether
or not we successfully
do our job or not.
And if we don't successfully
do that job, then yeah, dozens,
hundreds, thousands of
worlds could be affected.
If we do our job, the
same number of worlds
could be affected
in a positive way.
>> Absolutely.
Fascinating.
And just one
follow-up question--
how important do you think
is the time traveling
or experience from the future
in realizing how important
disclosure right now is?
>> I would say from what the
guys at Time Corps have said
to me, it's very important, and
their job is to kind of nudge
us towards a direction
of positive outcomes.
And they would say,
yeah, there's two paths.
There's the path that you're
on if you don't change,
and then there's the
path you have to be
on if you don't want to die.
>> Failed timeline.
>> Yeah, it's either
go this way and die,
or go this way and survive.
So that's really where we're at.
>> Absolutely.
>> Randy has just explained
to us in a military way of how
that works.
How would you explain
that in a diplomatic way?
>> So I totally agree.
I think that bringing
the perspective of future
and also having the direct
experience of what could happen
in the future was something
that was super, super
important for global
governance to realize
that changes must be done.
And I think the
involvement of future--
let's call them-- time units.
I don't know what they're
called in English,
but their involvement seems
to be super important in order
to create awareness in the
policies and governance sector.
So I totally agree.
>> So that'll keep us on track
for the positive outcome.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
I think that this species--
it seems to be one of
the characteristics
that everyone moves into
a certain direction, which
could be bad, but they
need to reach a point where
it's like a point of
self-destruction or catalysts
or something.
And in order to prevent
that-- because I also
say that the overall evolution
of everything in the universe
depends on what's
happening right now.
In order to preserve
that, it was
super important to have
an outlook for the future.
>> Now, compared
to other planets,
we have such a multitude of
races here as humans on this
planet, which makes it very
complicated with communication
and, of course, war.
What needs to happen, Randy, for
us to get on that right track?
>> Oh, good question.
Well, I think long
term, it's cooperation
towards mutually beneficial
goals and collective interests.
At the moment, I
think that we're not
going to get there
without what appear
to be some very ugly conflicts
getting worse and resolving
themselves through conflict
because I don't think anybody
is pumping the brakes
on any of the conflicts
that we're seeing
globally at the moment.
They're kind of just
pumping the gas.
So tactically, I'd say
those things aren't
going to happen or work out
until some people who really
want to bloody up each other's
noses start throwing punches.
>> Do you think, if there
was a catastrophe or war,
that it would bring
us closer together?
>> That's what all the experts
are hoping is going to happen.
I would say I hope
for the same thing,
and we seem to have a pattern
of collectively coming together
when we have
threats from outside
or that represent
a non-us equation,
if you want to talk
about usses and thems.
So we hope that really, if
we can somehow get everybody
to say, all right, this,
them, out here, not down here,
is who we want to be
mad at for the moment,
that maybe gets the us down
here to stop throwing rocks
at each other.
Fingers crossed, we hope.
>> Tim, what could you elaborate
on that through what you know
diplomatically?
>> I have just a little
different perspective on that
because I agree that the
talks have been there,
that a conflict could unite
people, but then again,
there has been a lot of research
that something called a global
collective psychosis would be
a total worst-case scenario.
>> You're not wrong.
Yeah, I would say
that when we look
at the contingencies of how
this could go very, very bad,
a kind of psychological,
psychotic cascade
could make everybody
really, really
crazy for more
than five minutes,
and it would just be a
lot of bloodshed and tears
before it got worked out.
>> But what would the powers
that be do in a time like that?
>> Probably hide in their
bunkers, to be honest with you.
I don't know that they would
feel like that they'd have
much control if it went crazy.
Basically, you'd be left with
local law enforcement, state,
federal law enforcement,
and some of the military
to try and keep minimal
order where they can apply
the most efficient resources.
But right now, if you
were to ask the question
if you had a kind of
global psychological,
psychotic episode--
>> Not them, yeah.
>> --we just don't have enough
cops, emergency technicians,
firefighters, EMTs, surgeons,
emergency room technicians,
or soldiers to deal with 8
billion people or 9 going nuts.
>> Tim, that could be
one possible timeline.
Do you believe there
could be other timelines
or other scenarios
that are more positive?
>> So I got to say that this
worst-case scenario that
potentially could occur
would not only be a different
timeline.
It would be a failed
timeline, and it'd
hadve, at least from
what we understand,
a catastrophic effect on
potentially everything
in the universe because every
consciousness is connected.
And a worldwide psychosis
could lead to reality shifts
to different really
catastrophic events.
But that being
said-- and also, this
would be a failed timeline.
It wouldn't work out--
to my understanding,
not everyone
who has been on this Earth
like 10 or 20 years ago
will make contact to
nonterrestrial beings.
To my understanding, there are
unsolved patterns on Earth,
and what the universe is
doing is mathematically
bringing a bigger
ratio of experience
into the system in order so we
can have find best practices
and in order to cooperate
together, what you said, Randy.
So some people might experience
this shift differently,
for example, activating
some hive consciousness,
some consciousness where
we're all connected,
which means
nonterrestrial beings--
they wouldn't be necessary
anymore because we all
would agree upon being
one being, so to speak.
>> Could that also have
to do with genetic lineage
of the amount of people
that do want this to happen?
>> I'm not too sure about that,
but I think it's more about
the free will and the decision
a soul takes in order to figure
out in which timeline you are.
Some people who might experience
this kind of shift of reality
that we're experiencing right
now, because the Earth is
heading towards that shift--
they might experience a very
different reality right now,
a reality where we're all
connected, and it's peaceful.
I would agree with
Randy that there
are lots and lots of unsolved
problems, and coming together,
everything making
everything denser is chance
in order to find solutions.
>> Randy, earlier you said they
were tinkering with our DNA.
Now, why would extraterrestrials
allow the Draco to come in here
and tinker with our DNA?
>> I would say two
simple reasons.
One is the simplest military
tactical reason of all reasons,
is the guy with the bigger
muscles and the bigger club
wins.
And so the Dracos are
formidable militarily,
so there's a lot of species
that simply would not
have a say because
they don't have
a Force that could oppose them.
The second reason would be time.
Some species experience
time a little bit
differently, so a decade, a
hundred years, a thousand years
isn't the same.
So often, especially
the older species,
they see genetic
projects as a garden
project where they're
like, OK, we've
tended the garden for a minute.
Now we're going to go away, and
we'll come back and check on it
in just a minute.
But a minute might be
a century, 1,500 years.
So when they come back,
something else has happened.
They go, oh, now we're going
to have to adjust for this,
and that doesn't
mean that they're
going to immediately go, oh,
how dare you come in and mess
with our system.
They kind of go, well,
now this has happened.
Instead of getting
violent about it,
we're just going to
have a different plan,
tinker this way, do that.
So in some cases, they
don't have a choice.
In other cases, it's
about someone else
who has a different
sense of what
tactical time in a
10-year, 20, 30, 40,
50-year period is
versus someone who's
trying to do development
over centuries
or thousands of years.
And so when someone's willing
to get in and mess it up,
it interferes if someone
doesn't have the direct ability
to militarily stomp on them.
Or the alternative is, well, we
could go in there and get them,
but how many people
are we going to kill?
How much of our own civilization
that we're trying to grow here
are we going to damage?
So it's the question
of, do you cut out
a cancer that might
kill the patient,
or do you try to
treat the patient
with the cancer in them?
>> Understood.
Tim, could you comment on that?
>> Totally agree, 100%.
I think that one
thing that we can add
is that some species tend
to do things covertly,
and that is something--
to figure that out,
it took some time,
especially when we're
talking about certain reptilian
races that take advantage
of certain things.
They are not doing that in
the front view or something.
They're doing it secretly,
and to my understanding,
lots and lots of
species have not
understood what's happening
on Earth for some time.
>> That's a very good point,
and I would have to say when we
certainly talk to other species
about what they think is going
on here, the conversation
usually ends with us saying,
yeah, you're not
wrong about that.
But we know our people a
little bit better than you,
and so we kind of
think that that's not
the best way to look
at it because we
understand a little better.
So yeah, other species
often can be very smart,
can be very evolved,
but it does not
mean that they understand
someone other than themselves
as well as they
understand themselves.
So we have a hard
time understanding
other species the way
we understand ourselves.
Why would that be not
true for another species?
So I think we're complicated.
We're complex to understand.
And I think a lot of
species underestimate us.
They don't fully
understand our psychology
or our emotional development,
and so sometimes,
when they think, well, we
should do this or do that,
they're thinking from their own
perspective of what they would
do with their own species.
And as we get more and more
in control of the show,
we're able to say, you're
not wrong about that,
but we really think
there's a better way
to do that since we understand
our own people better
than you do.
>> 100%.
>> And most of those
are just conversations.
It's not like we yell and scream
and go, you're not doing that.
It's more like,
that's a good idea,
but we think maybe
we should do it
like this because our people
will respond to it differently
if you do this or that.
Yeah.
>> Perfect.
>> Is it also possible, fellas,
that there are species that are
covertly compartmentalizing
their own stuff with us,
and they don't know what
the other one's doing?
>> Oh, that's
actually very true.
I'm glad you asked that.
So no, we certainly have done--
I get a lot of cases.
People come to me who
are having issues,
whether it's abduction
issues, implant issues,
different things.
Some people I cannot help.
I try.
Other people, when they
bring certain information
or certain lucidity
to their experience,
then we can get data, and
we can answer questions.
And what I've been finding
in doing that research
is how many compartmentalized
programs within other species
that are doing
things that if you
go through the normal chain
of bureaucratic communication
and say, hey, we think your
species is doing something,
they go, we're not
doing anything.
And we're like look,
we know you are.
We see them, they go,
hey, those guys aren't
supposed to be doing that.
And then you're
letting them know
that they have an own-world
program or something that's
being happening covert that
they didn't know was happening.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah, it does happen.
>> Yeah.
Have you heard of this before?
>> Absolutely.
I mean, all the
information on the Draco
that I have are actually
coming from the Greys who are
in kind of conflict with them.
So it's second-hand
information for me
and also a topic where I don't
feel not that much comfortable
speaking about.
So I was really happy to
or at least really excited
to find that out with you.
>> So, Tim, what do you think is
going to be the answer to this?
It's not all death and despair.
I mean, there's
got to be someone
out there looking out for us.
>> Yeah, true, absolutely.
So as I'm not too
happy and comfortable
speaking about all those
conflicts-- because, again,
I'm super interested in
finding exit strategies,
and I strongly
advocate the universe
where everything cooperates
and to mutual benefits.
And I think people
are more and more
realizing how important is
that we're all connected
and that we need
to come together,
have those communication and
topics that Randy spoke about.
And I find it pretty relieving
to have people care about that
as well as feeling
responsible for myself
in order to heal everything and
to get on the right timeline.
>> Oh, beautiful, Tim.
Well, thank you, Tim,
and thank you, Randy,
for being on the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Whatever's happening on
Earth is directly affecting
the collective memory
of the whole species.
>> The military perspective
is pretty straightforward.
We understand that
there are two choices.
We either move towards
type 1 civilization,
or we go back to the Bronze Age.
>> Human beings,
at least on Earth,
they have a very high potential
in becoming a very evolved
species.
>> There are clearly patterns of
evolution, patterns of growth,
and we can certainly help and
benefit each other from those
collective experiences for sure.